LATE NIGHT SNACK
================
Fun, concise, readable code listings for your reading pleasure.

[Read the magazine](https://latenightsnack.io) — 
[Review or contribute](https://github.com/zenoamaro/late-night-snack) — 
[The static website generator](https://github.com/zenoamaro/late-night-snack/tree/generator)

---

I still remember the pleasure I enjoyed, as a kid, of reading the
badly-printed, barely-readable code listings from old computer
magazines, curled up in bed, with only a faint light to help me see.
It was late at night, and I wasn't allowed to use my computer, so I
had to imagine by myself what each of those mysterious codes would be
doing.

The sources were full of annotations, lines beginning with `REM` at
first, and later semicolons, sometimes even more cryptic than the code
they tried to describe. Each author carried his own voice, and
tentatively explained the code he wrote, with varying results.

It was obvious, in retrospect, that many of those people, the writers
of my favorite magazines, were not professional writers with years of
experience, but young, enthusiast coders, like you and me, who found
themselves in a dream job that I envied so much. That genuine quality,
that coding can be whimsical and fun, made me fall in love with code,
and become the person that I am today.

Twenty years later, I am not forced to hide under blankets anymore. I
can binge on the internet, and stay up hacking, for as long as I
desire. Yet, the desire to disconnect, travel with my mind on those
magical incantations, never left me.

This collection attempts to provide recreate that same feeling, by
providing fun, concise, and readable code listings, that can be read
and fully understood in one snack-sized bite. The programs will be
short and to-the-point, will treat interesting problems, and of course
will be fully annotated, with plenty of insightful comments, quips,
and links to additional material.

I'd like you to read this code, and lose yourself, fantasizing on all
the cool ideas you could implement, and how great your version of the
program will be.

So rock your chair, grab a cup of tea, or put up your favorite tunes.
It's all up to you. Then just sit back, and enjoy the code.
